We follow a girl coming out of a discreet woodland garden. She manages the growth of marijuana plants and then uproots a handful of plants.
We follow her as she walks towards us, towards the commune on her way somewhere. The credits follow with us. 

Can we hack humans? Marketing is hacking humans. Can I move culture in such a way to make something happen? Can this happen through marketing? Can I target the predictable way that humans behave? Can I tell a story in such a way that influences majority of humans. Is this hacking humans?

She says, as she smokes with someone along the way. She continues, "I dunno, something I was thinking about yesterday on the walk to the gig."

This whole scene is shot as we follow her from the beginning to end, with her walking toward us. For a build up trailer, we tell the whole story from beginning to end in slices of action. with only the scenes of acting in between. Only the dialogue is shown in the very end. So all the action must tell the story. And all the dialogue alone must be a drama.

This girl fucking rocks. Punk Rock Cyberpunk Freerunning Ninja Streetkid Library Hacker Nerd. She dances her swords through the movie as if it were a ballet. The hacker art culture is one where a server has been established for communication. It is a willing collection of computers and servers that host all the content to exist as a cultural narrative following free publication rules for timeliness of viewing and popularity. Ideas must continue to exist through propegation of topic and idea as it evolves through culture. So it's all hashtags and shows, the ultimate hacker BBS.

The Electronic Frontier

Limp Bizket - Eat You Alive - pacing and theme for how Cyberpunk Ninja Girl moves through relationships. The first boy is weak. He makes a dumb mistake. She leaves him to the side because he isn't the person she wants to move forward with. She is searching for her equal. The next is more promising, but soft in unacceptible ways. She loves each of them, and mourns their passing. She hates herself for how she treats each one, but also cannot sacrifice any of who she knows herself to be. She is sorry. So Sorry. There are montages of the things she loved about them each, but she eats them alive.

If you can market to a significant enough amount of people, you can shift the culture. Attention is the ultimate sway on humanity. We are in a season of high sexuality due to the religious repression of the creation of the United States of America. But there is art if you look. 

The corpos want to market that. They are beating your bandmates because they won't sign contracts for a portion of The Door. You are making art, films, music, books, graffiti, pornography. Your whole community. And they are the street thugs pushing for a cut of the door. It happens on the street, and in the board rooms, just the same. But we have had enough. We are distributing the information. Moving ideas. Magazines, Short Stories, albums, and nudie mags.

The corpos are suppressing the movement of physical media, they want to control the 'verse because then they control the narrative. They are in power. So the underground moves physical media. It's a little Equillibrium with a lot more reality.

Could I make such a software hacking of open source happen? Imagine being able to 'zine what THE STREETS really say. I would create an open source project that details how it works and the tasks to be done. Everything down the the item. The work would be so exiting that everyone would want to push the commit and do the work.
